The reason for this strange positioning here is not that the navigation bar height wouldn't be taken
into account,
it is,
you can always print the appBar preferred size height here if you want to. You can always add print app
bar, preferred size height and you'll see that this has a value on iOS as well.
The problem rather is that on this simulator, we have this top notch and actually also at the bottom, we
have a little bit of reserved space for that app drawer task manager
icon here on iOS.
We didn't have that on Android and the emulator there and that simply means that some of the available
space on the screen is reserved and can't be used for positioning the widgets
or at least it shouldn't be used for positioning the widgets. The navigation bar automatically respects
this and is not sitting here on the top but pushed down a little bit and we should respect this as well
and Flutter makes this really simple for our body which in the end is this part here, in the page body
variable, we can use a special widget which is built into Flutter, the SafeArea widget. We simply wrap
our body, in this case the SingeChildScrollView, with that widget and therefore we also have to add
a closing parentheses down there
and this simply means that or make sure that everything is positioned within the boundaries or moved
down a bit, moved up a bit so that we respect these reserved areas on the screen
you could say and that ensures that now, everything is positioned correctly again.
Now when I rotate the screen, we also see we have a problem here with the show chart
text.